Kato Integrations List
----------------------
+ [Airbrake](airbrake.io)
    + Airbrake collects errors generated by other web applications, and aggregates the results for developer review.
+ [Asana](asana.com) (Zapier)
    + Asana puts conversations & tasks together, so you can get more done with less effort.
+ [Base CRM](getbase.com) (Zapier)
    + Customer relationship management (CRM) & sales software geared towards making your small business, mid-market or enterprise sales team 10x more productive.
+ [Beanstalk](beanstalkapp.com)
    + Beanstalk allows designers and developers to store source code, track changes, and collaborate with their team through Subversion and Git version control systems.
+ [Bitbucket](bitbucket.org)
    + Free source code hosting for Git and Mercurial.
+ [Bugsnag](bugsnag.com)
    + Bugsnag captures errors from your web and mobile applications, helping you to understand and resolve them as fast as possible.
+ [CircleCi](circleci.com)
    + Hosted Continuous Integration for web applications. Set up your application for testing in one click, on the fastest testing platform on the internet.
+ [Cloudforge](cloudforge.com)
    + Free Subversion and Git Hosting | Bug and Issue tracking
+ [Crashlytics](crashlytics.com)
    + The most powerful, yet lightest weight crash reporting solution for iOS and Android developers.
+ [Customer.io](customer.io)
    + We make it easy to send emails triggered by user behavior. Build, measure and improve your emails to activate and retain users
+ [Desk.com](desk.com)
    + Customer Support App for Small Business and Growing Teams
+ [DokuWiki](dokuwiki.org)
    + DokuWiki is a simple to use and highly versatile Open Source wiki software that doesn't require a database.
+ Email
    + You can have emails delivered directly to Kato.
+ [Git](git-scm.com)
    + Git is a free and open source distributed version control system designed to handle everything from small to very large projects with speed and efficiency.
+ [GitHub](github.com)
    + Build software better, together.
+ [Help Scout](helpscout.net)
    + Simple help desk software empowering small businesses to deliver personalized customer support at scale.
+ [Heroku](heroku.com)
    + Cloud Application Platform
+ [HTTP POST](github.com/kato-im/documents/blob/master/POST%20API.md)
    + Enabling our customers design their own notification mechanisms.
+ [Jenkins](jenkins-ci.org)
    + An extendable open source continuous integration server.
+ [JIRA](atlassian.com/software/jira)
    + Track and manage everything with JIRA project and issue tracking software.
+ [Kiln](www.fogcreek.com/kiln)
    + Kiln is a complete source control management system based on Git and Mercurial with tightly integrated code review from Fog Creek Software
+ [MailChimp](mailchimp.com)
    + Send Better Email
+ [Mailjet](mailjet.com)
    + SMTP server, bulk & marketing email service
+ [Mention](mention.net) (Zapier)
    + Media monitoring made simple. Work smartly as team. Community management, wherever your are. Analyze your visibility.
+ [New Relic](newrelic.com)
    + Pinpoint and solve performance issues in your Ruby, Java, .NET, PHP, Python, iOS and Android apps with real user, application and server monitoring.
+ [PagerDuty](pagerduty.com)
    + PagerDuty provides IT alert monitoring, on-call scheduling, escalation policies and incident tracking to fix problems in your apps, servers and websites.
+ [Perforce](perforce.com)
    + Perforce version management takes the conflict out of collaboration for software code, images, documents... everything.
+ [Pipedrive](pipedrive.com)
    + Sales pipeline software that gets you organized. Helps you focus on the right deals, so easy to use that salespeople just love it. Great for small teams.
+ [Pivotal Tracker](pivotaltracker.com)
    + The awesome, lightweight, agile project management tool for software teams.
+ RSS (Zapier)
    + Deliver RSS feeds directly into a Kato room.
+ [Semaphore](semaphore.com)
    + Hosted CI for Ruby and Rails applications. Automatically test and deploy your private projects from GitHub. Backed by expert support.
+ [SendGrid](sendgrid.com)
    + More developers choose SendGrid for their email deliverability service to send transactional emails triggered by web apps.
+ [Sentry](getsentry.com)
    + Sentry notifies you when your users experience errors in your web and mobile apps.
+ [Shopify](shopify.com)
    + Ecommerce Software, Online Store Builder, Website Store Hosting Solution
+ [Stash](atlassian.com/software/stash)
    + Enterprise Git repository management.
+ [TeamCity](jetbrains.com/teamcity/)
    + Continuous Integration and build management server.
+ [Tender Support](tenderapp.com)
    + Knowledge Base, Helpdesk, Forums
+ [Travis](travis-ci.org)
    + Continuous Integration and Deployment That Just Works
+ [Trello](trello.com)
    + Trello is a collaboration tool that organizes your projects into boards.
+ [UserVoice](uservoice.com)
    + UserVoice integrates easy-to-use feedback, helpdesk, and knowledge base management tools.
+ [Vend](vendhq.com)
    + Vend is beautiful online & iPad POS software & inventory management.
+ [WordPress](wordpress.com)
    + Blog Tool, Publishing Platform, and CMS
+ [Zendesk](zendesk.com)
    + Customer Service Software | Support Ticket System
